CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program?
    Airplane Weight and Balance Calculator
2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve?
    Airplane Pilot's need to know where the center of gravity on their aircraft
    is before each flight as this affects performance and could be a fatal 
    problem if it is not calulated correctly. This program will automatically
    calculate the weight and balance of the airplane so the pilot can avoid 
    tedious calculations
3. What will you learn from developing this program?
    I will get more experience understanding exactly how weight and balance 
    is calulated as I am trying to earn my private pilot's license. I also 
    will learn how to use my programming skills to solve a problem that I 
    personally have.
4. What Python modules will your program use?
    My program will use math, pytest, and csv.
    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task?
    Yes I will...

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions?
    Yes.

